Add API Endpoint Test Cases and Mock Service Implementation (#4)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations.schema: docs/spec/sanitations.md

            "type" : "integer",
            "format" : "int32",
            "nullable": true
          },
         .
         .
          "label" : {
            "type" : "string",
            "nullable": true
          },
          .
          .
     }},

- **Reason**: The properties `"userEnforcedMaxToObjectIds"` and `"label"` are updated to be nullable, meaning they can either hold their respective values or be null, to fix payload binding error.

5. Make `"label"` property in `"PublicAssociationDefinitionCreateRequest"` object nullable

- **Original**:  
     "PublicAssociationDefinitionCreateRequest" : {
        .
        .
        "properties" : {
          .
          .
          "label" : {
            "type" : "string"
          }
        }
      },

- **Updated**:
     "PublicAssociationDefinitionCreateRequest" : {
        .
        .
        "properties" : {
          .
          .
          "label" : {
            "type" : "string",
            "nullable": true
          }
        }
      },

- **Reason**: The property `"label"` is updated to be nullable, meaning it can either hold its respective values or be null, to fix payload binding error.

> 6. Make `"label"` property in `"AssociationSpecWithLabel"` object nullable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Update the `label` property in `userEnforcedMaxToObjectIds` to support nullable values
```

- **Original**:  
      "AssociationSpecWithLabel" : {
        .
        .
        "properties" : {
          .
          .
          "label" : {
            "type" : "string"
          },
          .
          .
        }
      },

- **Updated**:
      "AssociationSpecWithLabel" : {
        .
        .
        "properties" : {
          .
          .
          "label" : {
            "type" : "string",
            "nullable":true
          },
          .
          .
        }
      },

> - **Reason**: The property `"label"` is updated to be nullable, meaning it can either hold its respective values or be null, to fix payload binding error.
> 
> 7. Make `"label"` property in `"PublicAssociationDefinitionUpdateRequest"` onject nullable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Reason**: The property `label` is updated to be nullable, meaning it can either hold its respective values or be null, to fix a payload binding error.

7. Update the `label` property in `PublicAssociationDefinitionUpdateRequest` to support nullable values
```

- **Original**:  

>       "PublicAssociationDefinitionUpdateRequest" : {
>         .
>         .
>         "properties" : {
>           .
>           .
>           "label" : {
>             "type" : "string"
>           }
>         }
>       },
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json
      "PublicAssociationDefinitionUpdateRequest" : {
        "properties" : {
          "label" : {
            "type" : "string"
          }
        }
      }
 ```
 ```

Reviewer: Let's wrap these json values inside `json` blocks. Check for other places in this file

` ```json   {"value": "key"} ``` `

- **Updated**:
      "PublicAssociationDefinitionUpdateRequest" : {
        .
        .
        "properties" : {
          .
          .
          "label" : {
            "type" : "string",
            "nullable": true
          }
        }
      },

> - **Reason**: The property `"label"` is updated to be nullable, meaning it can either hold its respective values or be null, to fix payload binding error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Reason**: The property `label` is updated to be nullable, meaning it can either hold its respective values or be null, to fix a payload binding error.
```

Author: Done!
